[DOCS] Add scatterplot matrix to outlier detection example (#1507)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/df-analytics/ecommerce-outliers.asciidoc

. Create a {dfanalytics-job} to detect outliers in the new entity-centric index.
+
--
In the wizard on the *Machine Learning* > *Data Frame Analytics* page in {kib},
select your new index pattern then use the default values for {oldetection}. For
example:

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/ecommerce-outlier-job-1.png["Create a {dfanalytics-job} in {kib}"]

The wizard includes a scatterplot matrix, which enables you to explore the 
relationships between the fields. You can use that information to help you
decide which fields to include or exclude from the analysis.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/ecommerce-outlier-scatterplot.png["A scatterplot matrix for three fields in {kib}"]

If you want these charts to represent data from a larger sample size or from a
randomized selection of documents, you can change the default behavior. However, 

> these options might slow down the performance of the matrix.

Reviewer: > slow down the performance of the matrix

Maybe this can be clarified with a bit more detail:
- A larger sample size might slow down the performance of the matrix on the client side.
- A randomized selection will create a "heavier" query and potentially put more load on the ES cluster. It will not affect the client side performance of the matrix in comparison with a non-randomized matrix with the same sample size.

Author: Thanks!  I've changed the impact statement to this: "However, 
a larger sample size might slow down the performance of the matrix and a
randomized selection might put more load on the cluster due to the more
intensive query."

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
...
  "ml" : {
    "outlier_score" : 0.9706582427024841,
    "feature_influence" : [
      {
        "feature_name" : "order_id.value_count",
        "influence" : 0.015179949812591076
      },
      {
        "feature_name" : "products.quantity.sum",
        "influence" : 0.003752298653125763
      },
      {
        "feature_name" : "products.taxful_price.sum",
        "influence" : 0.9810677766799927
      }
    ]
  }
...
--------------------------------------------------
// NOTCONSOLE
====

{kib} also provides a scatterplot matrix in the results. Outliers with a score 
that exceeds the threshold are highlighted in each chart:

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/outliers-scatterplot.png["View scatterplot in {oldetection} results"]

In addition to the sample size and random scoring options, there is a
*Dynamic size* option. If you enable this option, the size of each point is 

> affected by its outlier score; that is to say, the largest points have the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
affected by its {olscore}; that is to say, the largest points have the
```

> highest outlier scores. The goal of these charts and options is to help you 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
highest {olscores}. The goal of these charts and options is to help you 
```
